let's um take you to the Middle East now
as the Hamas senior figure the group's
political leader Ismael hania will be
buried in Qatar we can take you to uh
these live images that we're getting um
from Doha uh the burial is expected to
take place um he he hania was uh killed
um after attending the inauguration of
Iran's new president in tran
um he' he'd actually been living in in
Doha though with other members of the
Hamas political office and he'll be uh
buried in a cemetery in lucil north of
Doha um after prayers in that mosque
which I assume is the Aman Muhammad bin
Abdul wahab mosque which is the largest
mosque uh in the country we saw in
pictures yesterday that thousands turned
out for the funeral procession in Iran
um with Iran supreme leader Ayatollah
Ali Ki leave leading those prayers for
the Hamas
leader um it's Israel has not commented
on that strike uh which which killed uh
hania um but we heard um Benjamin
Netanyahu uh Israel's prime minister of
course saying his country had delivered
uh crushing blows to its enemies in
recent days uh Hamas has uh said that
the death of hania will have major
repercussions on that let's bring in our
uh Middle East correspondent yolan Nell
who's in Jerusalem so yoland as we're
looking at those pictures uh from uh
katar that we're getting coming in live
tell us more about what we are hearing
about those potential
repercussions well certainly Israel
remains on a very high state of alert uh
security wise um that killing of Isel
hania came on the back of the
assassination of a Hezbollah Commander
um which Israel says um was carried out
um in response to his uh the Hezbollah
uh killing of uh 12 children in a rocket
strike in the occupied Golan Heights
last weekend um and the expectation uh
really is that um you know both strikes
were really involving figures who were
too senior they cannot be ignored they
also real security breaches as far as
hasbalah is concerned with this
Commander uh being killed in its
stronghold in the south of Beirut and
also um is hania although Israel says it
was not responsible it's widely blamed
um for his assassination and he was
killed in tan inside an accommodation
block that really belongs to the Islamic
revolutionary guards there um so there
is an expectation of a real response we
had last night a speech by the Hezbollah
leader Hassan n that was closely
listened to here he talked about how the
killing of its Commander meant a new
phase in the conflict with Israel and he
said too that there would be very well
studied retaliation he also referred uh
to Iran of course Iran is a key back of
Hezbollah also uh supports Hamas and
said that Hamas uh that rather Iran
could not remain silent um with the
killing of that Hamas leader on its soil
um so I mean what we've seen going into
both uh the main Israeli and Lebanese
airports a number of flights being uh
cancelled or delayed uh we know that uh
we had the uh Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu speaking last night
to uh the US president to Joe Biden the
White House said that they discussed US
military deployments to support Israel
against missiles and drone strikes but
we also had Joe Biden talking to
reporters afterwards and when he was
asked about the a killing of is hania
and what it meant for a ceasefire and
hostage release deal he said that it was
not
helpful we we seeing more detail too
about actually how uh isma hania was
killed what what do you think that tells
us about Israel's um if if it was indeed
Israel Israel's
capabilities I mean the indications
according to reports um after there were
initial reports that this was some kind
of of an air strike perhaps even one uh
involving a rocket launch nearby that
the latest reports um including in the
New York Times quoting well-placed
security officials um including in Iran
uh speaking Anon anonymously suggest
that actually a bomb had been planted in
that accommodation which appears to have
been used routinely by is Han on his
trips um to Teran um and that is what
killed him and his bodyguard it seems to
have been a very precise attack because
we know that uh others including um
other leaders of armed groups from
around the region were staying very
close by uh and they were not affected
by this um the Iranians haven't said
much officially about what exactly
happened here um but this does suggest a
very precise uh intelligence operation
uh and that could be another reason why
uh Israel has not commented here um it
did say that it had not carried out
through the military spokesman any um
additional air strikes Beyond those
which it had had already taken
responsibility for in the region in
recent days y LEL in Jerusalem for now
thank you very much